sorry I have a question there well what
did you plan to do for you know you have
this losing streak one so what are you
gonna do to change that
well you know what I will try to look up
to some women's players who minds so
consistent with their wings for example
I counted I was in a category if you
heard about her she's been winning so
much that I mean she's she has become a
role model for all of us
Thank You B players so I think I'm gonna
look out for her I'm gonna try to look
some of her matches and try to break
this 73 from one you know try to try to
get on the right path we'll have to keep
that we have to keep that a secret but I
think I already I think I already
discovered one of my favorites once
players I just thought I said her name
and she's actually my neighbor as well
yes she lives in the street wearing will
you come from
we have coffee there on the beach we'll
just relax and have lunch and stuff and
have a jog she must be a really really
nice girl she's really really nice good
grades at dinner a great thanks player
she's number one action yes juice coffee
on the beach with someone who actually
almost never lose a match yes that's a
winning winning winning uh excuse me
I cannot even target you Martha
Chronicle Pressman